Buffon's Needle Problem refers to a question first posed by Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon: "Suppose we have a floor made of parallel strips of wood, each of the same width. If we drop a needle on the floor, what is the probability that the needle will land on a line between two strips?"


This paper analyzes the mechanical characteristics of the hydraulic cylinder rod and the causes of buckling failure.



The fundamental processes, photoelectric absorption, Compton scattering, and pair production, leading to the modification of the energy spectrum and angular distribution of gamma-rays diffusing through matter are discussed in relation to the problem of penetration of gamma-rays through matter. The transport equation describing the diffusion is derived in the approximation in which radiation from the secondary electrons produced by the photoelectric effect and pair production is neglected. By limiting one's interest to gamma-rays of energy greater than a few Mev, further approximations may be made which reduce the transport equation to a much more simple form. An elementary proof is given for the following theorem: If monoenergetic gamma-rays are incident normally on a slab of material, then after the gamma-rays have undergone many Compton scatterings, the gamma-rays of a given energy are distributed Gaussian-wise in angle about their original direction with the breadth of the distribution being simply related to the energy and increasing with decreasing energy.



The Monte Carlo simulation is a mathematical technique that predicts possible outcomes of an uncertain event. Computer programs use this method to analyze past data and predict a range of future outcomes based on a choice of action.

When steel plate is bent, the inside surface of the bend is compressed and the outside surface of the bend is stretched. Somewhere in between lies the neutral axis which is a line in the steel that is neither compressed nor stretched. The tighter the radius the bigger the opposing forces become – bringing up the concept of minimal radius.


How to calculate volume of a torus? The volume of a torus is calculated by multiplying the area of the cross-section by the circumference of the ring. Volume = π × r2 × 2 × π × R


